## Where to start
Followed the udacity course [Intro to HTML and CSS](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-html-and-css--ud001) to get started with this web.
In my opinion it is a great way to start with those two code languages. The explanations are clean and simple. It covers the very basis, the fundaments of what do you have to think off to start a static web page.
It fitted so perfectly for me. Because I did not want a fancy blog with lots of interaction, comment boxes, etc.

## The Framework
I use the [Bootstrap](https://v4-alpha.getbootstrap.com) framework.
Right now I do not need a lot of extra CSS features. Only the row/columns classes, to structure the diferent parts of the code and make them responsive to different screen sizen, is used. Moreover, I use the image responsive feature to fullfil the same objective as before.
In addition, some own css code is used to get right some design details.

## Structure
I follow the box distribution. Every element on the page is contained in a box.
Those boxes are distributed in rows and collumns. A row contains some elements that will be placed in the same line. The columns are the proportional distribution of the boxes in one row or another column.
The columns can be separetaed in 12 different equal boxes. This is because 12 is both divisible for 3 and 4. And this provides a lot of flexibility.

## Style
I am still working on which style give to the blog. For now, I am useing the default browser font for all the texts and the [Press Start 2P](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Press+Start+2P)   font from google fonts for the header.

## Header
The header is an important part of any web page. It is the first thing the users see, so the visual impact of it for their impresion is hugh. As long as my graphical desing skills suck, this is the best I can do right now without spending useless hours working on it or copying it.

## Tips
Do not get greedy. It is easy to have a lot of ideas to start with. However, HTML and CSS can be a little bit overhelming at the beggining. Not because of the difficuty, but because it has a lot of features and aspects to possibly take care of. Focus on the basis of the idea and, when it is settled, those extras can be added one at a time.


<br />
Aprecciate any feedback to improve the blog or/and the entries of it :)
<br />
Roc Granada Verdú
<br />
This entry is still under review. First I made, not really happy with the result